hey what do you feel like doing today
go cuttings Laser force ten pin bowling
or mini golf
well like nowhere else in Melbourne you
can do it all at sidetracked
entertainment centre tell you what it is
the most fun you can have under one roof
no matter how old you are
whose party is it how old are you
turning 11 no why did you bring all your
grandkids here to sidetracks but the
whole area is just great for them
wonderful place to have a party look
very sweaty it's hard work isn't it yep
this is probably the eighth time we've
been here fantastic
the go-karts are ready to go let's go
go-karting mark Normand manager here at
sidetracked entertainment center can you
go into detail about the cards that are
available we have basically four little
mini rookie go-karts which are designed
for six and nine year olds that run one
wheelchair batteries are all things we
have rookie go-karts which they then get
on these mechanical carts that's from
ten years of age for those who are a
little bit younger and don't want to
drive by themselves or handicapped or
whatever we do have double go-karts or
team and go-karts driven by an adult we
also then have Grand Prix cars which is
basically what you're sitting in now the
Gondry karts for 18 year old plus and
they're the ones that are going to go as
fast we possibly can in our indoor
circuit what are the rules now you have
to wear a helmet safety is very much
priority with the side track we have a
rep takes to be one of the safest indoor
tracks in Australia we like to keep it
that way
so yes helmets close toed shoes no loose
clothing and all my staff here are
trained in that way to make sure that
they they have a safe ride and be it's
an enjoyable
now this is a small ball game with a
very big attraction highway 66 and mini
champion bowling and owner Barry
Matthews of sidetracks entertainment
center run us through it all now what's
the concept behind our 66 highway 66 is
a 2/3 scale while living predominantly
we're looking for families that are
looking to do something with their
younger kids and all the age groups can
enjoy this is the bowling ball how small
is it a lot smaller than normal and once
you will notice that there is no holes
so it makes it a lot easier for the
younger children to use the game is
still quite a masterful game but we do
have bumper rails Excel etc so again in
did someone say laser force now what can
we expect from laser force here at
sidetracked well we play on the idea of
being a Space Marine we have a whole
range of different lights and fog
machines to enhance the experience and
sound effects that we have that go along
as well so what are the different game
formats that are available here the
standard games you'd play would probably
be an individual game or teams for
anywhere from two teams up to seven
teams games with limited shots or
limited lives and stuff like that how do
you get disqualified here if anyone is
bashing around it the suits or anything
are getting a little bit too physical
then yeah they will be taken out the
games so the whole point of the game is
the less times you get shot you're the
winner to get the highest score possible
you want to try and save as many people
as you can and the infield targets as
well there are five of those in the maze
shall we go get that
now this is the kids party room and
Shaylee here sits on my lap Vania
these party room seats a hundred forty
people so bring your party to start now
mark this place would be ideal for those
that can easily board most certainly
there's absolutely no reason to be
boarded sidetracked at all with all the
different features and events that we've
got and on our birthday room and you've
also got corporate facilities as well
yeah birthdays are a big part of our
business we do a lot of kids birthday
parties from the ages of turning seven
after about 16 we do a lot of corporates
from Christmas parties bar mitzvahs bat
mitzvahs youth groups you've got
packages available I understand yeah but
we've got thank ages mainly for the
corporates different packages where them
come in and everything's already plans
and you're open through rain and shine
that's the beauty of being indoors your
event won't get spoiled by the winner so
this is all sidetracked it is a place
for the young and the old remember to
bring your potted sidetracks you
remember to Chow castle Potter lungs
that's right and hey for more
information visit site tract kaamdar you